DOCS-8686 Workday 12.1  ETA 8/31 (#957)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: workday/12.1/modules/ROOT/pages/workday-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc

= Workday - Upgrade Workday Connector - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::workday/workday-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc

Upgrade Anypoint Connector for Workday (Workday Connector) to version 12.x.x.

== Supported Upgrade Paths

[%header,cols="50a,50a"]
|===
|From Version | To Version
|11.1.x |12.x.x
|===

== What's Changed

=== 12.1

This release contains the following changes:

=== 12.0.0

This release contains the following changes:

* Upgraded the Workday API to 34.0
* Added the `Student Core` operation, which enables you to invoke the Workday Student Core Web Service

> * Replaced the `On New Objects` input source with the `On Modified Objects` input source, which polls data more efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replaced the `On New Objects` input source with the `On Modified Objects` input source, which polls data more efficiently
```

+
For more information, see <<on-modified-objects,On Modified Objects Input Source>>.
+
* Changed all operations so that they return headers as attributes
* Added the ability to create response timeouts for the input source (`On Modified Objects`) and all connector operations by using the new `Response Timeout` and `Response Timeout Unit` fields
* Split the connection timeout fields into value and time unit fields
+
For more information, see <<changes-in-connection-types,Changes in Connection Types>>.
+
* Removed the `blocking` field from the `Reconnect` and `Reconnect Forever` objects
* Removed the `WORKDAY:UNKNOWN` error type

[[changes-in-connection-types]]

> == Changes in Connection Types

Reviewer: This is a peer topic to What's Changed?

Author: No, it's a child section of parent What's Changed

Starting with version 12.0.0, the following fields are now split into value and time unit fields:

// [cols="50,50"]
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Field in v11.1.x | Replaced By
|Connection Idle Timeout
|Connection Idle Timeout and Connection Idle Timeout Unit
|Connction Timeout |Connection Timeout and Connection Timeout Unit
|===

[[on-modified-objects]]

> == On Modified Objects Input Source

Reviewer: ditto re. peer?

In version 11.1.x, the `On New Objects` input source polled data in a Workday resource from the beginning of the specified time interval to the present. It did this for each worker in the Workday instance, which caused large time inefficiencies when the instance contained thousands of workers.

> Starting in version 12.0.0, the `On Modified Objects` input source, instead, always polls the latest data in the specified time interval. After one poll iteration, the input source sets the earliest moment as the previous latest moment and the latest moment as the current date and time. These changes to polling make the `On Modified Objects` input source much more efficient than the `On New Objects` input source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in version 12.0.0, the `On Modified Objects` input source always polls the latest data in the specified time interval. After one poll iteration, the input source sets the earliest moment as the previous latest moment and the latest moment as the current date and time. These changes to polling make the `On Modified Objects` input source much more efficient than the `On New Objects` input source.
```

You can use the `On Modified Objects` input source with the following web services and operations:

* `Human Resources Web Service`
** `Get Job Profiles` operation
* `Recruiting` Web Service
** `Get Evergreen Requisitions` operation
** `Get Job Requisitions` operation

> * `Staffing` Web Service

Reviewer: Not formatted the same as the first list item, which looks similar?

** `Get Workers` operation
** `Get Positions` operation

> The following example shows how to use the `On Modified Objects` input source. This example works as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example of how to use the `On Modified Objects` input source includes these events:
```

            }
        }
      }
    }
}]]></ee:set-payload>
            </ee:message>
        </ee:transform>
        <workday:staffing operation="Hire_Employee" doc:name="Hire Employee" config-ref="Workday-Config" />
    </flow>
    <flow name="listener-flow" >
        <workday:modified-objects-listener objectType="WORKERS" doc:name="On Modified Objects Listener" config-ref="Workday-Config">
            <scheduling-strategy >
                <fixed-frequency />
            </scheduling-strategy>
        </workday:modified-objects-listener>
        <logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger - On Modified Objects" message='#[payload]'/>
    </flow>
    </mule>
----

== Upgrade Prerequisites

Before you upgrade Workday Connector from version 11.1.x to version 12.x.x, you must:

. Create a backup of your files, data, and configuration in case you need to restore the connector to the previous version.
. Install Workday Connector 12.x.x to replace the Workday operations that were previously included in Workday Connector 11.1.x.

== Upgrade Steps

Follow these steps to perform the upgrade from Workday Connector 11.1.x to Workday Connector 12.x.x:

. In Studio, create a Mule project.

> . In the Mule Palette view, click *Search in Exchange*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, click *Search in Exchange*.
```

> . In the *Add Dependencies to Project* window, enter `Workday` in the search field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Add Dependencies to Project* window, enter `workday` in the search field.
```
